submodules/setup-documents/markdown/git_setup.md, before:

## Git Setup ##

### Windows
We'll be using Git Bash for both git and a shell to run it in. If you've already installed Git Bash for a previous lesson, skip ahead to the [GitHub section](github). Otherwise, go to [git for windows](https://gitforwindows.org/) and click **Download**, then install it. 
Most of the options can be left on default, but be sure you check these:

- **Choosing the default editor used by Git:** Make sure **Nano** is selected from the drop-down. If you're comfortable with other editors, feel free to change it, but we recommend Nano - we use it as it's present on Windows, Mac *and* Linux. If you change it, you might not quite match what we're doing on-screen.
- **Adjusting your PATH environment:** Make sure **Git from the command line and also from 3rd-party software** is selected.
- **Choosing HTTPS transport backend:** Make sure **Use the native Windows Secure Channel Library** is selected.
- **Configuring the terminal emulator to use with Git Bash:** Make sure **Use Windows' default console window** is selected.

#### Mac OS
To use Git you must install the Apple Command Line Tools.  You can obtain these [from Apple](https://developer.apple.com/download/more/?name=command%20line%20tools%20for%20xcode%2012) (requires your Apple ID)

- Select **Command Line Tools for Xcode 12** and click the link to download the dmg archive.
- If prompted, choose to allow downloads from developer.apple.com
- Open the downloaded dmg archive from the Downloads folder
- Double-click the Command Line Tools.pkg icon to install

Commit message:

Deploying to gh-pages from @ Southampton-RSG-Training/dirac-essentials-test@1a21abc21c3ec59c3516566e9ec7d01b414aaba2 🚀

submodules/setup-documents/markdown/git_setup.md, after:

## Git Setup ##

### Windows
We'll be using Git Bash for both git and a shell to run it in. If you've already installed Git Bash then go to the next section. Otherwise, go to [git for windows](https://gitforwindows.org/) and click **Download**, then install it. 
Most of the options can be left on default, but be sure you check these:

- **Choosing the default editor used by Git:** Make sure **Nano** is selected from the drop-down. If you're comfortable with other editors, feel free to change it, but we recommend Nano - we use it as it's present on Windows, Mac *and* Linux. If you change it, you might not quite match what we're doing on-screen.
- **Adjusting your PATH environment:** Make sure **Git from the command line and also from 3rd-party software** is selected.
- **Choosing HTTPS transport backend:** Make sure **Use the native Windows Secure Channel Library** is selected.
- **Configuring the terminal emulator to use with Git Bash:** Make sure **Use Windows' default console window** is selected.

#### Mac OS
To use Git you must install the Apple Command Line Tools, this may take a few minutes.  

You can obtain these [from Apple](https://developer.apple.com/download/more/?name=command%20line%20tools%20for%20xcode%2012) (requires your Apple ID)

- Select **Command Line Tools for Xcode 12** and click the link to download the dmg archive.
- If prompted, choose to allow downloads from developer.apple.com
- Open the downloaded dmg archive from the Downloads folder
- Double-click the Command Line Tools.pkg icon to install

Alternatively, you can install the tools from the command line:

~~~
$ xcode-select --install
~~~
{: .language-bash}

#### Linux
Git comes pre-installed on most Linux distributions. You can test if it's installed by running `git --version`. 
If it's not installed, you can install it by running `sudo apt-get install git` or `sudo yum install git`, depending on 
your distribution.
